Add `vue/require-typed-object-prop` rule (#1983)
vuejs/eslint-plugin-vue: docs/rules/force-types-on-object-props.md

---
pageClass: rule-details
sidebarDepth: 0

> title: vue/force-types-on-object-props

Reviewer: Could you please rename the rule to `vue/require-type-on-object-prop`?

---
pageClass: rule-details
sidebarDepth: 0
title: vue/force-types-on-object-props
description: enforce user to add type declaration to object props
---
# vue/force-types-on-object-props

> enforce user to add type declaration to object props

- :exclamation: <badge text="This rule has not been released yet." vertical="middle" type="error"> ***This rule has not been released yet.*** </badge>
- :gear: This rule is included in all of `"plugin:vue/base"`, `"plugin:vue/essential"`, `"plugin:vue/vue3-essential"`, `"plugin:vue/strongly-recommended"`, `"plugin:vue/vue3-strongly-recommended"`, `"plugin:vue/recommended"` and `"plugin:vue/vue3-recommended"`.

## :book: Rule Details

> Prevent missing type declaration of not primitive objects in a TypeScript projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prevent missing type declarations for non-primitive object props in TypeScript projects.
```

> Bad:
> 
> <eslint-code-block :rules="{'vue/force-types-on-object-props': ['error']}">
> 
> ```js
> export default {
>   props: {
>     prop: {
>       type: Object,
>     },
>   },
> }
> ```
> 
> </eslint-code-block>
> 
> <eslint-code-block :rules="{'vue/force-types-on-object-props': ['error']}">
> 
> ```ts
> export default {
>   props: {
>     prop: {
>       type: Array
>     }
>   }
> }
> ```
> 
> </eslint-code-block>
> 
> Good:
> 
> <eslint-code-block :rules="{'vue/force-types-on-object-props': ['error']}">
> 
> ```ts
> export default {
>   props: {
>     prop: {
>       type: Object as Props<Anything>,
>     }
>   }
> }
> ```
> 
> </eslint-code-block>
> 
> <eslint-code-block :rules="{'vue/force-types-on-object-props': ['error']}">
> 
> ```ts
> export default {
>   props: {
>     prop: {
>       type: String, // or any other primitive type
>     }
>   }
> }
> ```
> 
> </eslint-code-block>

Reviewer: This can be merged into one example:

````suggestion
<eslint-code-block :rules="{'vue/force-types-on-object-props': ['error']}">

```ts
export default {
  props: {
    prop: {
      // ✗ BAD
      type: Object,
      type: Array,
      
      // ✓ GOOD
      type: Object as Props<Anything>,
      type: String, // or any other primitive type
    }
  }
}
```

</eslint-code-block>
````

### Options

Nothing.

## :mute: When Not To Use It

> When you're not using TypeScript in the project****.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're not using TypeScript in the project.
```
